Docs: Updates CMS app location (#1886)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/headless-cms-integration/1-configuring-the-vtex-account.mdx

```bash copy
vtex plugins install cms
```

Now, check if the installation of the VTEX Headless CMS plugin was successful by running `vtex cms`.

![success-vtex-cms-sync](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/faststore-vtex-cms___460365970fb39c94e300b9fbd497e17e.png)

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  If you use Windows as the operating system and find problems while installing
  the plugin, please refer to our
  [Troubleshooting](/docs/headless-cms-troubleshooting/error-installing-headless-cms)
  article.
</Callout>

### Step 2 - Installing the Headless CMS dependencies on your VTEX account

Install the VTEX Headless CMS dependencies in your VTEX account by running the following command:

```bash copy
 vtex install vtex.admin-cms-graphql@0.x vtex.admin-cms-graphql-rc@1.x
```

![installation-message](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/cms-installing-dependencies___ad0f763129cfef77d56b4fdaba54be98.png)

### Step 3 - Configuring the Headless CMS

Let's configure the URLs of the webhooks used by the VTEX Headless CMS app.

1. In the VTEX Admin, access **Extensions Hub > App Management**
2. Search for the **CMS (alpha)** app and click on **Settings**.

> 3. Creating your project through the FastStore Onboarding process, you should have a pre-filled Item. Expand this item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Expand the pre-filled item, **Item # 0**, which is automatically created during the [FastStore Onboarding](/docs/getting-started/1-faststore-onboarding/overview) process for your project.
```
